TODO yet... no particular order.


1. communicate output_subset to worker (or drop this functionality)
12. Make sure I understand what is return from gpu_comm.all_gather(r)
6. TESTS...
5. sliced functions for when data batch is too large for GPU
14. Possibly need to make the close procedure robust to errors in different places? And maybe so within worker?
15. Double check that all the master utils are set up right...some things might have changed...and maybe the way the reduce OPs are handled could be streamlined.



DONE
----
9. Another pass over for re-org and cleanup...lots of new little helper funcs.
9g. collect the things that don't modify the globals into another file?  Or just group them down at the bottom. --- YES this looks SO much BETTER! made util.py.
9f. Now the master file is getting a bit cluttered, maybe move the Outputs class (so it can be imported) --- yes, created variables file.
15. Make sure using "givens" param for theano function doesn't mess something up. --- I think this should be OK; it doesn't change the inputs, the outputs on a function don't correspond to the outputs provided to make the function, and the givens can't change the type of the argument, so I think all ndims will stay the same, so avg_funcs are safe.
11. Maybe use the input finder already in Theano function to do input checking in synk._call() -- NO, but I did add basic datatype and dimension checking.
13. Make so can also do broadcast by passing shared_var instances, not just by name.
9e. Since get_shared_shmems uses _share_inputs, break down that code into the part used by both and the part only used in calling function.
9c. Make it so only functions exposed to user use g, the global struct, and all
other functions get passed to them the lowest structure that is needed.  The other functions can still modify by side-effect, but still it should be much easier to follow the code and know what the hell is going on.
9d. Give functions in master reference to avg_function of their outputs.
7. go back and check what other inputs there are for making a theano function,
   and see about supporting those---sure, just pass them on in.
9b. Make outputs a class, to help organize the functions that only are needed
   for outputs.  This class can exist only in master.
10. Maybe maybe the avg_fac a shared variable so it can sit on GPU but still be set if necessary.
9a. everything that takes inputs_global / shareds_global should be a method!
8. make theano shared var "scatter" possible using CPU shared memory
4. make it so some inputs get split among GPUs but other inputs get broadcast
2. implement "average" reduce operation
3. implement function to return input_shmems from function
3b. also make that function allocate shmems if provided with args?



WOULD BE NICE IF:
----------------
1. Theano exposed input checking for functions and/or input variables.
